If you win at the end of the game
I will take gold from the treasury
give you
No no no no no not enough
A mere 10,000 taels
How can we pay attention to the emperor?
What do you want?
If Great Xia loses all three games
But you fight
To hand over 3,000 miles and 60 cities
And your eldest princess
To become the 100th righteousness of my Tokugawa Ichiro
Day and night surrender to my crotch and pass
I think you want to mess with him, don't you?
Her Royal Highness is not qualified to be my concubine
for this
I specially prepared a comfortable palanquin for him
To show my sincerity, lift it up
Did you see it?
If it is a big subordinate
I will use this sedan chair
Son, take the eldest princess back to my great country of Japan
How about my grades?
Heaven and earth as proof?
Her Royal Highness Princess Zhang should not refuse, right?
Presumptuous though too scumbag
Chenzhou, I will solve it, don't worry.
Ok you just go
You won't be hurt at all with me
I promise you.